Hi, I'm going to show you today how to
use Warp to do backend and production
work. One of the coolest things about
Warp is that you can prompt it to do any
kind of development task from coding to
uh working with your cloud servers to
doing Docker and Kubernetes. Today, I'm
going to have Warp pull some logs for me
from one of our cloud servers and do a
little bit of analysis on it. Uh, as in
previous demos, I'm going to talk to
Warp. You can always enable voice mode
by clicking this voice input button and
um then configure a hotkey to do it.
I would like to use the
warp-server-staging
g-cloud project and pull logs for the
last 10 minutes from the warp-server
cloud run instance. Please organize
those logs for me into info, warning,
and error levels and produce a histogram
and report across those log uh message
types and specifically call out what are
the most uh concerning errors that I
might want to investigate.
So I talk to her here. It takes a second
to translate it and then I'm going to go
ahead and hit enter. And at that point,
this has been detected as an agent
prompt and the um agent mode will take
over, start thinking and executing what
I asked it to do. So, as we're doing a
coding task, you'll see it start to
gather context, or in this case, it
knows I want to use warp server staging.
It's going to go ahead and pull logs.
Uh, one of the coolest things about warp
is you can always just kind of click in
and see exactly what the output is. Uh,
I would not have wanted to write this
command myself. I'll go back up here.
I'm going to collapse this. Now, it's
going to process this data for me
here. I think it's going to write a
small Python program to do it, which is
cool. It's going to debug its own
issues. So, first it wants to save the
log file to a file. Again, it tells you
exactly what it's doing. If you wanted
to let this run to completion, you could
click the fast forward button. You could
also stop it at any time.
Okay, looks like we got to a working
version of Python program. We're going
to clean up this temp log file.
And here we go. It got a,000 log
entries,
980 were info, 11 warning, nine errors,
and this makes sense. Most cons. Yeah.
Gemini AI.
Okay.
Cool. So, uh, you can basically ask Warp
to do anything. That's the coolest part
about it.